cruiser real slow and a gray Cadillac at
that 22 standing you know you like head
and now we in the towel bumper la sin so
that we got a letdown no makeup take any
plane and it looks real good
twenty-eight thing while I wrote to the
left we got that blue guy so that shit
straight up and look solid a few haters
got nothing we even got in travelers are
Eagles we even got the clothes in the
rag ain't a week is here real F up on
the stage we get a trophy sign man take
first place we put advice on the bomb
the man everybody take a look and take a
step back as the finest is here and
blows up this track we losing in the
cocoon all-star we cousin in there like
we barbecue it down summertime here
let's get up
so everybody Fat Joe drinks to the sky
for the couple of rows check it here -
go to prison in the Tahoe prison in the
car
this is five spot and we put it down the
man that Bonnie inkay are you babe on
attack impalas catalyst and mini trucks
day this is how we gave with the blow
comes a day we've been cruising down the
pipe are coming so hard taking up some
tools in this guy up in the stereo do
winter our first inning we put in work
Oh